README.md, before:

## Me:

I'm a CS student who doesnt seem to understand that sometimes, the simplest route is better than the overcomplicated one. I will often start writing code only to find that the tool I am writing alredy exists in 5 different places.

## Projects:

### Active Development:

 - [Library System](https://github.com/The-CS-Nerds/Library-System) - A project aiming to create a slightly better book/loan/user management for our library than the one currently in place at the moment - In collaberation with [HippoProgrammer](https://github.com/HippoProgrammer)

### Inactive Development:

- [better-settings](https://github.com/SuitablyMysterious/better-settings) - A project aiming to make [JigglyJeff](https://github.com/JigglyJeff)'s code in MakeCode Arcade slightly simpler - It might not work

### Development Concluded:

- [Financify](https://github.com/SuitablyMysterious/Financify) - An OK CLI that is for the management of finances - *ARCHIVED*

## AI Disclaimer:

I will sometimes use Artificial Intelligence to help refine or brainstorm ideas that I have already thought of. Before including any AI generated content in my code, I will check it for any mistakes and edit where I feel appropriate. I will always check its sources first. In addition, I use AI to find where my code has failed in order to save time. I am aware of the environmental risks of AI and try to use it in moderation. For any AI related projects I do, I will always try the Self Hosted option (where appropriate) first.

## Further Materials:

- [Hard Fork](https://www.nytimes.com/column/hard-fork) - I am an avid listener and, while I do not agree with all opinions expressed here, I find it interesting to listen to

### Articles List:


- [chmod 777 future.sh](https://medium.com/@haydengpt/chmod-777-future-sh-645035b67419) - Hayden Baillio
  > This is a very amusing explanation of AI overcomplication

Commit message:

Update README.md to add my favourite tools

README.md, after:

## Me:

I'm a CS student who doesnt seem to understand that sometimes, the simplest route is better than the overcomplicated one. I will often start writing code only to find that the tool I am writing alredy exists in 5 different places.

## Projects:

### Active Development:

 - [Library System](https://github.com/The-CS-Nerds/Library-System) - A project aiming to create a slightly better book/loan/user management for our library than the one currently in place at the moment - In collaberation with [HippoProgrammer](https://github.com/HippoProgrammer)

### Inactive Development:

- [better-settings](https://github.com/SuitablyMysterious/better-settings) - A project aiming to make [JigglyJeff](https://github.com/JigglyJeff)'s code in MakeCode Arcade slightly simpler - It might not work

### Development Concluded:

- [Financify](https://github.com/SuitablyMysterious/Financify) - An OK CLI that is for the management of finances - *ARCHIVED*

## AI Disclaimer:

I will sometimes use Artificial Intelligence to help refine or brainstorm ideas that I have already thought of. Before including any AI generated content in my code, I will check it for any mistakes and edit where I feel appropriate. I will always check its sources first. In addition, I use AI to find where my code has failed in order to save time. I am aware of the environmental risks of AI and try to use it in moderation. For any AI related projects I do, I will always try the Self Hosted option (where appropriate) first.

## Further Materials:

- [Hard Fork](https://www.nytimes.com/column/hard-fork) - I am an avid listener and, while I do not agree with all opinions expressed here, I find it interesting to listen to

### Useful Tools:

- `n8n` - I use this for all kinds of automation, you can see the results in the section below

### Articles List (generated with n8n):

- [chmod 777 future.sh](https://medium.com/@haydengpt/chmod-777-future-sh-645035b67419) - Hayden Baillio
  > This is a very amusing explanation of AI overcomplication
